minor edits (#9)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

% Topic Modeling dataset
In \gls{lda}, the data used is a corpus of documents, with each document containing a sequence of words.

> However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often includes with various other data than just the text within the documents, such as authors, time stamps, tags, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often includes with various other data than just the text within the documents, such as authors, time of publishing, tags, etc.
```

> However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often includes with various other data than just the text within the documents, such as authors, time of publishing, tags, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often includes various other data than just the text within the documents, such as authors, time of publishing, tags, etc.
```
